0. This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative. You can find the source code here. The variable n will store a different value every time you will run this program. You don’t have to understand what rand, srand, RAND_MAX do. Please do not touch this code. The output of the program should be: The number, followed by if the number is greater than 0: is positive if the number is 0: is zero if the number is less than 0: is negative followed by a new line.
1. This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print the last digit of the number stored in the variable n. You can find the source code here. The variable n will store a different value every time you run this program. You don’t have to understand what rand, srand, and RAND_MAX do. Please do not touch this code. The output of the program should be: The string Last digit of, followed by n, followed by the string is, followed by. if the last digit of n is greater than 5: the string and is greater than 5. if the last digit of n is 0: the string and is 0. if the last digit of n is less than 6 and not 0: the string and is less than 6 and not 0 followed by a new line.
2. Write a program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line. You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). All your code should be in the main function. You can only use putchar twice in your code.
3. 
